# Small sulfur isotope fractionations by environmentally relevant sulfur oxidizers under oligotrophic conditions


Welcome to the GitHub repository that includes the code and data for this project.

## Repository Architecture

The repository is split into three main directories, each one containing the data and analysis for Candidatus Thioglobus autotrophicus (SUP05), Chlorobaculum tepidum (ctep_wt), and Desulfurivibrio alkaliphilus.
Each one of this sPlease see each directory for information about each file.

### **`code`** 
This folder includes all the source code used for processing the data and generating all figures. It is divided in the following subdirectories:
 * **`analysis`**: Includes the scripts used to analyze isotope compositions, quantifications, and cell growth data. 
 * **`figures`**: Contains all the scripts used to generate the figures in the main text and the supplementary material. 
 * **`processing`**: Includes all the code used to correct and transform the data. 
 * **`exploratory`**: Contains templates of the jupyter notebooks that describe the data treatment and figure plotting. 

### **`data`** 
This folder contains all the raw and processed data from the project. It contains the following subdirectories:

 * **`raw`**: Includes all the raw data.
 * 
 * **`processed`**: Includes the processed data.
 * 
### **`figures`** 
This folder includes all the figures generated by the scripts in the code section.


# License Information

All creative works (code, figures, etc) are licensed under the [Creative
Commons CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) license. This work is published from: United States.
